Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/virtual-machine/virtual-machine.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The Wazuh Virtual Machine OVA allows you to run a full Wazuh Manager and test all Wazuh capabilities without any time limit in your environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The pre-built Wazuh Virtual Machine includes all Wazuh components ready-to-use. Test all Wazuh capabilities with our OVA.  
```
